Congratulations on reaching the end of the course.
So where do we go from here.
First I recommend using an editor that helps you to cold for example in atom.
The arto complete plus package will suggest cold for you as you type.
We switch this off at the start of the course.
But with it switched on as I start to type
it suggests the code that you might want to type which lets you code much faster and with fewer errors.
I also recommend that while you are coding you make use of the excellent P HP documentation as we've
been doing throughout the course along with sites like Stack Overflow and Dev docs.
As for the course look out for course announcements in your inbox.
And please don't hesitate to ask a question inside the course if you need help.
For example something explained in more detail.
Help debugging your code.
And finally I just want to say thank you for taking this course.
I really appreciate it.
I hope you found it useful.
I look forward to seeing you on the next one.